Clarify security tradeoffs in where dynamic directions come from (#43)
uptane/deployment-considerations: customizations.md

However, note that using this method of providing dynamic directions means that a compromise of the Director repository might be able to cause ECUs to misconfigure their images. One way to mitigate this risk would be to require the Image repository to sign off on exactly the same directions using its own custom Targets metadata. However, this is difficult to achieve considering that such directions are supposed to be dynamic in the first place. Therefore, proceed, if necessary, with caution.

### Picking an option: security tradeoff

In choosing whether to send dynamic directions through the custom field of the Targets metadata from either the Director or the Image repository, one needs to consider how security-sensitive the receiving ECU may be.

> Using the Director repository to encode dynamic directions provides more flexibility, as directions can be made or changed on demand, but it trades off security in that, should the Directory repository be compromised, attackers would have this same power. This has important ramifications for ECUs that perform partial, or even full, verification. On the other hand, using the Image repository provides the opposite tradeoff: the dynamic directions are more secure, but there is now less flexibility in making dynamic directions or changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Director repository to encode dynamic directions provides more flexibility, as directions can be made or changed on demand. But, there is a significant trade off in terms of  security.  Should the Directory repository be compromised, attackers would have this same power. This has important ramifications for ECUs that perform partial, or even full, verification. On the other hand, using the Image repository provides the opposite tradeoff. Dynamic directions are more secure, but there is now less flexibility to make changes or set dynamic directions.
```

Reviewer: I accepted the suggestion of @tkfu, so his change was made.

> It is important to consider thid tradeoff when deciding how to send dynamic directions. If the ECU is security critical, these directions should be sent using the custom field of Targets metadata and stored on the Image repository. In any case, using either repository should not result in significant bandwidth costs for ECUs, as ECUs that perform partial verification should continue to receive only directions for itself from the Director repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is important to consider this tradeoff when deciding how to send dynamic directions. If the ECU is security critical, these directions should be sent using the custom field of Targets metadata and stored on the Image repository. In any case, using either repository should not result in significant bandwidth costs for ECUs, as ECUs that perform partial verification should continue to receive only directions for itself from the Director repository.
```
